ckruse edits from #3275 (#3284)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/data-source-configurations/collect-logs.md

Make sure you are using collector version `v0.78.0-sumo-0` or higher.

## Collecting logs from other sources

You can find the full list of receivers available on the [Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry Collector][collector_components_docs] page. When the Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry Collector does not support collecting logs from a source, the [Monitoring Job Receiver (Beta)][monitoring_job_receiver_docs] can be used as a catch-all.

The Monitoring Job Receiver can be configured to execute a script or command on the collector host. The standard output and error streams from that command will be collected as log record(s).

:::important Prefer purpose-built receivers to Monitoring Jobs

> When available, prefer purpose-built receivers like `sqlquery` to monitoring jobs receiver. This example monitoring job configuration runs SQL queries using the `psql` tool for demonstration purposes as it is well understood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When available, prefer purpose-built receivers like `sqlquery` to monitoring jobs receiver. The below example is about monitoring job configuration that runs SQL queries using the `psql` tool for demonstration purposes as it is well understood.
```
